You're just a little life coward.
Do you want to trample my dignity?
This is what you get.
But since you're very obedient,
it would be nice to you.
If you want to add him,
use this bitch as a furniture.
What do you say?
Make up your mind.
What kind of man are you?
Threatening women and children.
You're the coward.
You pathetic piece of shit.
Get off me!
You've been my wife and child again.
I'll kill the basement.
Give him a taste of his own medicine.
No kill him.
I want to know everything.
I did have an engagement with Dan.
But there was nothing between us.
Those photos were me.
I know I died.
You never need to doubt my trust for you.
You didn't lose my memory.
But Adam is dead.
Oh, I need you right now.
Something quite urgent.